# Operating-Platforms
This is a collection of works done while I was taking my Operating Platforms course.

Reflection.

The work done in this class was for a mock client company named The Gaming Room. They previously had an android app for their Draw it or Lose it app, but wanted to expand thir platform to handle users in a distributed web based environment. When developing the documentation for the project I think that the explanations included with the UML layout of how the compnents worked with each other was a strongpoint of mine, as I understood it clearly and was able to simply convey their usage and interconnectedness. Although the processes of creating the design documents and developing the code are different I was able to pull structures from some components of the document into development. When creating design constraints part of the document, it clearly outlined the architecture of how the development environment needed to be. If I were to revise any part of the document I would have to choose the evaluations portion, because I think that there is more information out there on operating systems, and how the decision of which one to use is implemented into the development process. When looking at the requirements of the user and how their usage of the app would be, it was super important to look at how the flow of the gameplay worked out in order to efficiently handle the interactions between the user and the backend system processes. I analyzed the problem by first listening to what the client wants in their product and translating that into technical design constraint. With some requirements comprised I then broke down the tools and utilities needed in order to fulfill those features, and began development on a conceptual but functional deliverable.
